There are currently 4 Reports you need that will change often
- 1.1d_ProPay Salesforce Report
- Campaign Names  Salesforce Report
- Click and Pledge Raw Reports
- Sweep Dates and Sweep IDs from Click and Pledge

2 Reports that are more consistent are:
- Division Mapping
- School Mapping


Now getting into the macro, the intention is to consolidate all the Click and Pledge Reports, then take the relevant Salesforce transactions and put the information together for an upload for Intacct.

Sub Click_and_Pledge_Step1 ()

  Step 1.1: Ask user if they are sure they want to start this macro and doing so will result in deleting all other worksheets. If they cancel, end Sub, otherwise proceed.

  Step 1.2: Create a new worksheet to help with a full reset

  Step 1.3: Delete all other worksheets that aren't the new one.

  Step 1.4: Rename the worksheet to "Insert SF Report(ProPay Report)"

  Step 1.5: Unlock all cells except for the Column A

  Step 1.6: Create text directing the user on where to insert the ProPay Report

  Step 1.7: Create a button for when the user is ready for the next step

  Step 1.8: Protect the worksheet

End Sub


Sub Click_and_Pledge_Step2()

  Step 2.1: Make sure column headers are all correct, if they are proceed, otherwise end the Sub

  Step 2.2: Create a message telling the user that we need all the reports in one folder. If they need time to put those together, then click cancel and click the button when they are ready. If the user cancels, end sub, otherwise proceed.

  Step 2.3: Ask user for the download date of the reports, if they cancel, end Sub. Otherwise proceed.

  Step 2.4: Save this variable as DownloadDate

  Step 2.5: Ask user for a Folder Path. Once they have selected a Folder Path, check that there is more than 0 files in there. If there's no files in the folder path prompt the user that the folder is empty and to try again. 

  Step 2.6: Save Folder Path as a variable called FolderPath

  Step 2.7: Unprotect the "Insert SF Report" Worksheet

  Step 2.7: Now delete column A of the "Insert SF Report(ProPay Report)"

  Step 2.8: Create a New worksheet called "Consolidated C&P Reports"

  Step 2.9: Create the headers for the "Consolidated C&P Report"

  Step 2.10: Create a new worksheet called "Summary Page" in front of all other worksheets

  Step 2.11: Create the headers for the "Summary Page"

  Step 2.12- : Loop through the reports from the folder path

  Step 2. : Create a new worksheet called "Insert Sweep Data"

  Step 2. : Hide all worksheets except "Insert Sweep Data"

  Step 2. : Set the worksheet variable for the "Insert Sweep Data"

  Step 2. : Unlock all cells in the "Insert Sweep Data" worksheet except for Column A

  Step 2. : Insert Text to direct user where to put sweep data.

  Step 2. : Insert a button for if they have the sweep data.

  Step 2. : Insert another button in case they don't have the sweep data

  Step 2. : Protect the worksheet

End Sub

Sub Click_and_Pledge_Step3a ()

  Step 3a.1: Check that the correct column headers are in there. If they are proceed, if they aren't delete all data in column B:Z.

  Step 3a.2: If they 
























